Docs update (#45971)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: doc/DataPlaneCodeGeneration/Create_Samples_Guidance.md

}
```

## Snippets

> Snippets are the great way to reuse the sample code. Snippets allow us to verify that the code in our samples and READMEs is always up to date, and passes unit tests. We have added the snippet [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/template/Azure.Template/tests/Samples/Sample1_HelloWorld.cs#L21) in a sample and used it in the [README](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/template/Azure.Template/README.md#get-secret). Please refer to [Updating Sample Snippets](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#updating-sample-snippets) to add snippets in your samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All samples in the Azure SDK for .NET repository are required to use snippets when demonstrating code.  Snippets allow us to verify that the code in our samples and READMEs is always up to date and passes unit tests. We have added the snippet [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/template/Azure.Template/tests/Samples/Sample1_HelloWorld.cs#L21) in a sample and used it in the [README](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/template/Azure.Template/README.md#get-secret). Please refer to [Updating Sample Snippets](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#updating-sample-snippets) to add snippets in your samples.
```
